[DOCS-3339] Add Observability Pipelines Docs (#14245)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/observability_pipelines/setup.md

  - link: /integrations/observability_pipelines/vector_configurations/
    tag: Documentation
    text: Learn more about Vector configurations
  - link: https://vector.dev/docs/setup/going-to-prod/
    tag: Documentation
    text: Take Observability Pipelines to production with capacity planning
  - link: https://vector.dev/releases/ 
    tag: Documentation
    text: Check out the new release for Vector
  - link: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sources/datadog_agent/
    tag: Documentation
    text: Datadog Agent as a source for Vector
  - link: /agent/vector_aggregation/ 
    tag: Documentation
    text: Configure Datadog Agents to send data to Vector aggregators
---

## Overview

Observability Pipelines connects to the open-source [Vector][1] project to help you manage and monitor the flow of logs, metrics and traces throughout your infrastructure.

To set up Observability Pipelines, first [install Vector](#install-vector) and [set up Vector configurations](#set-up-vector-configurations), then [connect your Vector configurations to Observability Pipelines](#connect-vector-to-observability-pipelines) using your Datadog API.

## Install Vector

### Quick start

> 

Author: Thanks! I need to open a PR to add an obs pipelines integrations doc to the nav bar so I'll include it in that PR.

The `inputs` option of the `sinks.out` component tells Vector where this sink’s events are coming from. In this case, events are received from the other component, `sources` with ID `in`.

Run the command `vector --config ./vector.yaml` to start Vector with the configuration file. 

Run the following command to pipe a single event, `Hello world!`, through the configuration:

`echo 'Hello world!' | vector --config ./vector.yaml`

See [Vector Configurations][22] for more examples on setting up the three main Vector configuration components: sources, transforms, and sinks.

## Connect Vector to Observability Pipelines 

Connect your Vector configuration to Observability Pipelines by doing the following:

- In Datadog, [create a service account][23], if you don’t already have one. A service account is required to generate the application keys necessary to connect Vector to Observability Pipelines. 
- Go to [Observability Pipelines][24].
- Click **Create Configuration**, and follow the in-app instructions to set up the configuration.

> Once the setup is complete, Vector is connected to Observability Pipelines and  data will begin to appear in the Datadog app.

Author: ```suggestion
Once the setup is complete, Vector is connected to Observability Pipelines and the data shows up in the Datadog app.
```
